Home page
A completely special online diet program for you (slogan)
(Anasayfa resimlere gelecek yazılar)

Special diet program for you
We bring new, healthy eating habits with diet programs prepared entirely for you.

Nutritional advice tailored for you
We step into your new life together with healthy nutrition recommendations for your lifestyle, habits, illnesses, in short, your life.

We are one click away
We provide ease of online access everywhere with Whatsapp or E-Mail.

We set your goal and motivate you
It sets a target weight for our control dates; We are with you to achieve the goal.


Hakkımızda

It is our mission to tell you how to feed, improve your quality of life, strengthen you, and contribute to your well-being in the simplest conditions under your circumstances.

As Meri’sDiet, it is the way we follow to achieve what you feel best.

We are trying to help our advisees and the people around us to reach a healthy and fit body, happy and peaceful mental state and a good life in the light of our specialties, Diet and Nutrition Science.

Our other goals are to establish a permanent order that can be integrated into situations such as work tempo, working hours and responsibilities that you cannot change, and to focus on feelings, thoughts and behaviors that make you feel good.

Tarifler

Cod with cucumber, avocado & mango salsa salad
Ingredients
2 x 125g skinless cod fillets 
1 lime, zested and juiced
1 small mango, peeled, stoned and chopped (or 2 peaches, stoned and chopped) 
1 small avocado, stoned, peeled and sliced 
4 cucumber, chopped 160g cherry tomatoes, quartered
1 red chilli, deseeded and chopped 
2 spring onions, sliced handful chopped coriander
Method 
1. Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas. Put the fish in a shallow ovenproof dish and pour over half the lime juice, with a little of the zest, then grind over some black pepper. Bake for 8 mins or until the fish flakes easily but is still moist. 
2. Meanwhile, put the rest of the ingredients, plus the remaining lime juice and zest, in a bowl and combine well. Spoon onto plates and top with the cod, spooning over any juices in the dish.

Blog
4 Reasons Why You Should Drink More Water

With the human body being composed of 50-65% water, it’s fair to say that water is essential to our lives. Without it, our bodies wouldn’t be able to function, and we would cease to exist. What’s more, our bodies can’t make water on their own, so we need to take it in through the foods we eat and the liquids we consume. Even though water isn’t really a food, we think that its importance to our diets makes it the most “super” food of all. 

1. Water Cleanses the Body of Toxins
Water rids the body of toxins because it gets the blood circulation flowing so that it to stay clean. Plus, when skin cells fill with water, they help to reduce wrinkles and other signs of aging, helping you to stay young.
2. Water Suppresses the Appetite and Can Help You Lose Weight
Studies have shown that water can help suppress the appetite, helping you to feel more satisfied with eating less. Drinking a glass of water before meal times can help you limit the number of calories you take in. In addition, water speeds up the metabolism, allowing your body to burn more calories, instead of storing them as fat.

3. Water Can Help You Get Better Results From Your Workouts
When we’re dehydrated, our bodies tire much faster because less oxygen is able to reach the brain. This causes the heart to have to work harder. Water helps keep blood flow going strong and works to lubricate joints and muscles, preventing cramping and enabling you to work out longer and harder.
4. Water is a Stress Reducer
When it comes to stress, water is a definite ally. Research has shown that when the body is dehydrated it produces more stress hormones. Staying hydrated can help to reduce the stress that you might face from day to day.

Diet Plan
What is online diet?
Our lives are getting faster day by day. Busy business life, traffic and all the responsibilities brought by modern life take much more time today. The hustle and bustle of modern life also brought up issues such as sparing time for yourself and making use of leisure time. In other words, although we are much more intense individuals than before, our awareness of spending quality time with our loved ones is much higher. Issues such as the desire to devote time to themselves and the busy pace of work have made the online diet popular.
Working with a specialist in subjects such as weight loss, weight gain, and nutrition in diseases is extremely important for our health. On the other hand, online diet programs facilitate access to nutrition counseling services by eliminating problems such as space and accessibility.
Let us contact you for online diet and questions

FAQ
I want to lose weight in a short time, what should I do?

 Losing weight is practically achieved by taking fewer calories than the calories it takes, using the fat in the stores for energy.  In order to lose 1 kg of weight, you need to take 7000 calories less.  Consider how quickly it will be possible for people who consume 1600-2500 calories per day to take 7000 calories less.
 Keep in mind that healthy weight loss is around 0.5-2 kg per week depending on your excess weight percentage, and that more is risky in terms of getting permanent and healthy results.

 Is it the right diet to eat too little and lose weight?

 No it is not.  This situation makes the body exhausted and unhealthy.  In order to sustain our lives, we need nearly 70 nutrients, and when one is not taken, when taken more or less, growth and development regresses, "Insufficient Nutrition" occurs because body tissues cannot be made and vital activities cannot be maintained in a healthy way.

 Can obesity be prevented?

 Nutrition is a physiological process that begins in the mother's womb and ends until death for us.  If all these processes, starting from the mother's womb, are managed correctly, it is possible to prevent obesity.  Not only obesity, but many nutrition-related diseases can be prevented.  For this reason, we make healthy eating accessible for everyone.

 How many meals should we eat?

 The 6 meals we recommend.  However, today's working conditions sometimes do not allow people to spare time for nutrition.  We recommend that those who cannot be fed 6 meals a day due to their conditions, have 4 meals at least.  This is not the choice we are talking about, but the better of the bad in case of necessity.


CONTACT US
Name
Surname
E-mail
Phone number
Message

E. Mail: merisdiet@gmail.com
Phone: +39 3892574172
Adress: Via corso lodi 102 Milano